[oneTBB] task_group contructor acepting task_group_context (#2)
anton-potapov/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/task_scheduler/task_group/task_group_cls.rst

    Constructs an empty ``task_group``.

.. cpp:function:: task_group(task_group_context& context)

>     Constructs an empty ``task_group``, which tasks are associated with the ``context``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Constructs an empty ``task_group``, which associates all tasks created with `run` and `run_and_wait` methods with with the ``context``.
```

Author: IMHO mentioning all methods which adds a new task into the `task_group` is redundant (given that `defer` is being added in a parallel PR).

what about this : 

>   Constructs an empty ``task_group``. All tasks added in into ``task_group`` are associated with the ``context``.

?

Reviewer 2: The last version is fine, fix a typo though: 
```suggestion
    Constructs an empty ``task_group``. All tasks added into the ``task_group`` are associated with the ``context``.
 ```
